What is Javascript?
JavaScript is a lightweight, cross-platform, single-threaded, and interpreted compiled programming language. 
It is also known as the scripting language for webpages.
It is well-known for the development of web pages, and many non-browser environments also use it.

What is hoisting in Javascript?
Hoisting in Javascript is a behaviour in which a function or a variable can be used before declaration.
Only declarations are hoisted , initilizations are not hoisted.

What are the scopes in JS?
scopes determine the accessibility of vauables.
JS has 2 scopes
1.Global scope
2.local scope

Why do we use the word “debugger” in javascript?
The debugger for the browser must be activated in order to debug the code. 
Built-in debuggers may be switched on and off, requiring the user to report faults. 
The remaining section of the code should stop execution before moving on to the next line while debugging.
v
Difference between var and let keyword in javascript.
From the very beginning, the 'var' keyword was used in JavaScript programming whereas the keyword 'let' was just added in 2015.
The keyword 'Var' has a function scope. Anywhere in the function, 
the variable specified using var is accessible but in ‘let’ the scope of a variable declared with the 'let' keyword is limited to the block in which it is declared.
 Let's start with a Block Scope.
in ECMAScript 2015, let and const are hoisted but not initialized. 
Referencing the variable in the block before the variable declaration results in a ReferenceError because the variable is in a "temporal dead zone"
 from the start of the block until the declaration is processed

Is Javascript a statically typed language or dynamically typed language ?
Javascript is a dynamically typed language , which means that data types of variables are determined by the value they hold 
at runtime and can change throughout the program as we assigning differnet value to them.

What are undeclared and undefined variables?
Undeclared variables are those that do not exist in a program and are not declared. If the program tries to read the value of an undeclared variable, then a runtime error is encountered.

Undefined variables are those that are declared in the program but have not been given any value. If the program tries to read the value of an undefined variable, an undefined value is returned.

 What is a prompt box?
A prompt box is a box that allows the user to enter input by providing a text box. 
A label and box will be provided to enter the text or number.

What is the basic use of the NAN function in JS?
=>NAN stands for not a number.
=>It represents a value that is not a valid number.
=>It can be used to check whether a number enetered is a valid numbe or not a number.

What are functions in js ?
A function in JavaScript is similar to a procedure—a set of statements that performs a task or calculates a value, 
but for a procedure to qualify as a function, it should take some input and return an output where there is some obvious relationship between the input and the output. 
To use a function, you must define it somewhere in the scope from which you wish to call it.
Syntax
function name(parameter1, parameter2, parameter3) {
  // code to be executed
}
Example
function calcAddition(number1, number2) { 
    return number1 + number2; 
}
console.log(calcAddition(6,9));

